docs: improve live example troubleshooting (#147)
bonitasoft/bonita-documentation-theme: preview-src/troubleshooting.adoc

** Add a separator above the "Troubleshooting" title of the section, if this section appears at the bottom of the page and addresses the whole content of the page
** Adapt the level of the header; it should be the same than the content it is related to

[WARNING]
====

> Do not add additional lines above and below the content of the section. The title already provides a separator between the title and the content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do not add extra lines above and below the section content. The title already provides a separator between the title and the content.
```

[%collapsible]
====
[source,text]
--------
[.troubleshooting-section]
--
[.symptom]

> My code block is not display on troubleshooting solution section

Reviewer: ```suggestion
My code block is not displayed in the troubleshooting solution section
```

[.symptom-description]

> When i write some block code example, the display is not correct

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When i write some block code examples, the display is not correct
```

[.cause]#Cause#

> This is potentially because i miss an ending character after code block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is potentially because I am missing an end character after the code block.
```
